Thank you so much. When I get my bonus, I'm going to treat you to KFC for a month.
Great.
Wait.
Boss, I have secured a deal with winners. I do not let you down.
Excuse me, did you just say you secured the deal?
Of course, you have too. I'll buy your two bubble tea when we get fullness.
I work day and night on that project. You didn't even help.
You even swapped my report nearly jeopardizing the deal.
Bella, you bring your brother to work every day.
How could you do any decent work? Mr. Alistair, she's a liar and should be fired.
You don't have to come into work tomorrow.
Did you hear that? Get lost.
It's all about you, you know. You get both company for your own personal game.
Nephew, how could she let such a detrimental person into a company?
You are Mr. Alistair's uncle? I'm so sorry, Mr. Alistair.
Please leave.
Applesha.
He's my mother's youngest brother, but I think he's more fond of you now.
Who sits for some of this?